1. The icons are great but some of them aren't correct or are just a generic circle or shape .   namely the first couple sections of the vegetables but in all cases the icons can be a little bit bigger, probably a good 25% bigger than they are now
2. so you've added the gender and the plural of each of them, but that also needs to go in for the speaker as well the speaker icon should have both, one for the singular and one for the plural in the vocabulary, at least
3. right now when I hover over it in my windows edge the voice speaks with a fantastic female Italian accent this is ideal and I'd like them all to be exactly like this however I noticed previously sometimes there was a male Italian accent which was fine, but then sometimes there was also a male American accent which was not fine, as I just tested it just now though, all the voices were the female Italian accent and that is excellent. We just want to make sure we have a 2 speakers, one for the singular and one for the plural. That's two speaker symbols that you can hover over. 
4. There's still one or two sections toward the end that just have some text. They do not have any explanation. No speakers, no information button, no. I don't even know if they have a translation so all the sections need to have very much the same format. I know it's a little bit different with the expressions, but even they can have the speaker button and any other information that you might want to provide as some colourful extra input
5. the quizzes still seem to be working well, but I think we need to go through each of the various types of questions because not all of them are working correctly. And as you get lower down on the page the quizzes sort of break. Like instead of asking individual questions, there's a few sections where it will suddenly ask three questions in a row with no way to cheque answers or move forward like there is on the top part of the page. So we'll need to address this and look at this more thoroughly